{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green23\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c4706;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the difference between an adaptive website and a fully responsive website?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 -
\f1\b An adaptive site adapts itself to fit on different screens.  A fully responsive site loads faster, and only one layout is needed for different screen sizes. 
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Describe what it means to be mobile first vs desktop first.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b - Mobile first design is designing for a mobile device originally, and gradually design for desktop in a bigger space. Desktop first is the reverse, with desktop design being a priority.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What does\'a0
\f2\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb4 font-size: 62.5%
\f0\fs32 \cb3 \'a0in the\'a0
\f2\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb4 html
\f0\fs32 \cb3 \'a0tag do for us when using\'a0
\f2\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb4 rem
\f0\fs32 \cb3 \'a0units?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b -It converts rem units by 10 instead of 16.  It makes it easier to calculate in the document.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How would you describe preprocessing to someone new to CSS?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b -Preprocessing is CSS condensed, to make it easier for you style a page, and it keeps the code organized and cleaner.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is your favorite concept in preprocessing? What is the concept that gives you the most trouble?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b My favorite concept is the import feature, it helps with knowing where I am in the code.  Nesting gives me the most trouble.
\f0\b0 \
}